>> Erik Reinert: If you want to tear
everything down really quickly, Fantastic.
Perfect timing.
Right as I finish provisioning,
there's going to be two
things you really need to do.
Let me just make sure that the pipeline's
not also running in the background.
Okay, cool.
All right, so
if you wanna tear down really fast,
there's gonna be a couple of things
you're gonna wanna make sure to check.
The first thing you're going to want to
check is you're going to want to go to
App Runner, right?
And you're going to want to make sure
that you delete all the applications in
App Runner.
So if you go to App Runner,
I deleted all of mine.
But make sure you go in App Runner,
check the box of each
application that you deployed.
If you deployed more than one,
click delete and delete them.
So App Runner is gonna be one of
the places you're gonna wanna go.
Another place you're going
to want to go is ssm.
Remember on day one,
we created parameters in SSM as well.
So you're going to want to make sure
to go to the parameter store in here.
Go to /fem/.
You only need to delete the FEM FD
service ones because the Terraform ones
created them automatically.
Those will get destroyed
with Terraform Destroy, but
you will want to at least make
sure you delete these three.
Those are there.
Outside of that,
everything else is in Terraform Destroy.
So you just run Terraform Destroy and
you're good.
That's all the Amazon stuff.
The only other thing you'd have
to be worried about is Supabase.
You just go to Supabase,
click on FEM FD Service,
go to Project Settings, Delete,
Project, and there you go.
You are done.
Ecr.
Yeah, yeah, good call.
ECR as well.
ECR, we manually created the image.
So if we go to ECR, you'll see that
you can just click on them right here,
click Delete, Delete and it's gone.
So, yeah, that should be everything.
Yeah, and then again,
Terraform Destroy [LAUGH] make
sure to run terraform destroy.
That's the one you really
want to make sure you run.
So run Terraform Destroy for sure.
Especially if you created
multiple environments.
So if you're nervous like,
did I get everything or not?
You can go to Cost Viewer or
Cost Explorer, and
in here it will show you exactly
what you're getting charged for.
I mean,
you're going to see my terrible charges.
But all you have to do is scroll down and
you could see exactly what you're getting
charged for, where it might be, and
then you can just navigate to that part of
the console and delete whatever's there.
So, yeah, at the end of the day,
if you want to make sure you're not
getting any costs you're not expecting,
go in here, check it out, and you should
be able to find what you're looking for.